feat(OnyxTable): create prop to handle table- vs page-scrolling (#1470)
SchwarzIT/onyx: .changeset/six-parents-appear.md

---
"sit-onyx": minor
---

> feat(OnyxTable): create prop to switch from table-scrolling to page-scrolling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat(OnyxTable): add `withPageScrolling` prop to switch from table-scrolling to page-scrolling
```
